[shopsys] added Persoo bundle for product search (#2983)
shopsys/shopsys: packages/persoo/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> Thank you for your contributions to Shopsys Frontend API package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for your contributions to Shopsys Persoo package.
```

Author: Nice catch
